Update managing_log_output.md (#2770)
buildkite/docs: pages/pipelines/managing_log_output.md

Agents can redact the values of environment variables whose names match common patterns for passwords and other secure information before the build log is uploaded to Buildkite.

> If the environment variable is shorter than the minimum length of 6 bytes, it will not be redacted.

Reviewer: Thanks very much @stephanieatte , just adding some clarifications...

```suggestion
If the environment variable's value is shorter than the minimum length of 6 bytes, then this value will not be redacted.
```

Reviewer: Reasons:
- I believe it's the variable's _value_ that gets redacted and not the variable name?
- Using 'it' as the subject of a new clause isn't always 100% clear as to what that 'it' refers to.

Author: Yes @gilesgas its the value of the environment variable, will make the changes
